Hey, hello.
Some vans.
What do you think about those?
You ever seen any like that? I want to
say they look so nice.
Huh? I want to say they look so nice.
Why Why would you want to wear that?
So it's like this.
Huh, those are interesting.
All right, here's a pair of khaki
pre-owned and they got 21.
These are an interesting color I I feel.
Hey, would you do five of them?
Good, how are you?
Right.
That's fine. I mean, we we find stuff
that those sometimes, too.
They're just not quite as good.
Some stuff here.
Oh, used one.
Good deals.
Here you want me to help you?
Get this.
You can just set it down. You still
looking?
Yeah.
See, that's the good thing about eBay
sellers, we do spend money.
You've been buying a bunch of HBA
lately, huh?
Yeah, thank you very much. Good luck in
your uh
driveway.
You got a nice little setup.